update readme with marketing copy (#12)
canonical/seldon-core-operator: README.md

## Seldon Core Operator - a component of the Charmed Kubeflow distribution from Canonical

This repository hosts the Kubernetes Python Operator for Seldon Core
(see [CharmHub](https://charmhub.io/?q=seldon-core)).

The Seldon Core Operator is a Python script that wraps the latest released Seldon Core manifest, providing lifecycle management and handling events (install, upgrade, integrate, remove).

### Usage

The Seldon Core Operator may be deployed using the Juju command line as
follows

```sh

> $ juju deploy seldon-core

Reviewer: Due to issue #5 we actually can't deploy seldon with its default application name, therefore the correct way of deploying it is actually:
`juju deploy seldon-core seldon-controller-manager`

<br/>

[![Kubeflow diagram](https://res.cloudinary.com/canonical/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto,fl_sanitize,w_350,h_304/https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/10400c98-Charmed-kubeflow-Topology-header.svg)](https://charmed-kubeflow.io)

<br/>

Charmed Kubeflow is free to use: the solution can be deployed in any environment without constraints, paywall or restricted features. Data labs and MLOps teams only need to train their data scientists and engineers once to work consistently and efficiently on any cloud – or on-premise.

Charmed Kubeflow offers a centralised, browser-based MLOps platform that runs on any conformant Kubernetes – offering enhanced productivity, improved governance and reducing the risks associated with shadow IT.

Learn more about deploying and using Charmed Kubeflow at [https://charmed-kubeflow.io](https://charmed-kubeflow.io).

<br/>

### Key features
* Centralised, browser-based data science workspaces: **familiar experience**
* Multi user: **one environment for your whole data science team**

> * NVIDIA GPU support: **accelerate deep learning model training**

Reviewer 2: I don't think we support this yet.

Reviewer 3: https://charmed-kubeflow.io/docs/gpu

Reviewer: Yes we do support GPU accelaration.

* Apache Spark integration: **empower big data driven model training**
* Ideation to production: **automate model training & deployment**

> * AutoML: **Hyperparameter tuning, architecture search**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* AutoML: **hyperparameter tuning, architecture search**
```

* Composable: **edge deployment configurations available**

<br/>

> ### What’s included in Charmed Kubeflow 1.3

Reviewer 2: Did you mean 1.4?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### What’s included in Charmed Kubeflow 1.4
```

* Optional 24/7 support available, [contact us here](https://charmed-kubeflow.io/contact-us) for more information
* Optional dedicated fully managed service available, [contact us here](https://charmed-kubeflow.io/contact-us) for more information or [learn more about Canonical’s Managed Apps service](https://ubuntu.com/managed/apps).
* Portability: Charmed Kubeflow can be deployed on any conformant Kubernetes, on any cloud or on-premise

<br/>

This repository hosts the Kubernetes Python Operator for Seldon Core
(see [CharmHub](https://charmhub.io/?q=seldon-core)).

The Seldon Core Operator is a Python script that wraps the latest released Seldon Core manifest, providing lifecycle management and handling events (install, upgrade, integrate, remove).

<br/>

### Documentation
Please see the [official docs site](https://charmed-kubeflow.io/docs) for complete documentation of the Charmed Kubeflow distribution.

### Bugs and feature requests
If you find a bug in our operator or want to request a specific feature, please file a bug here: 
[https://github.com/canonical/seldon-core-operator/issues](https://github.com/canonical/seldon-core-operator/issues)

<br/>

### License

> Charmed Kubeflow is free software, distributed under the [Apache Software License, version 2](https://github.com/canonical/seldon-core-operator/blob/master/LICENSE).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Charmed Kubeflow is free software, distributed under the [Apache Software License, version 2.0](https://github.com/canonical/seldon-core-operator/blob/master/LICENSE).
```

<br/>

### Contributing

> Canonical welcomes contributions to Charmed Kubeflow. Please check out our contributing guide if you're interested in contributing to the distribution.

Reviewer 2: It would be nice to have a `CONTRIBUTING.md` with these guidelines, but since we don't have any, I would add a bit more details in this section or create the md file.

Reviewer 3: Alternatively link to the Canonical contributor agreement  - https://ubuntu.com/legal/contributors

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Canonical welcomes contributions to Charmed Kubeflow. Please check out our [contributor agreement](https://ubuntu.com/legal/contributors) if you're interested in contributing to the distribution.
```

## Seldon Core Operator - a component of the Charmed Kubeflow distribution from Canonical

This repository hosts the Kubernetes Python Operator for Seldon Core
(see [CharmHub](https://charmhub.io/?q=seldon-core)).

The Seldon Core Operator is a Python script that wraps the latest released Seldon Core manifest, providing lifecycle management and handling events (install, upgrade, integrate, remove).

### Usage

The Seldon Core Operator may be deployed using the Juju command line as

> in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
follows
```

```sh
$ juju deploy seldon-core
```

## Looking for a fully supported platform for MLOps?

Canonical [Charmed Kubeflow](https://charmed-kubeflow.io) is a state of the art, fully supported MLOps platform that helps data scientists collaborate on AI innovation on any cloud from concept to production, offered by Canonical - the publishers of [Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com).

> <br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

[![Kubeflow diagram](https://res.cloudinary.com/canonical/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto,fl_sanitize,w_350,h_304/https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/10400c98-Charmed-kubeflow-Topology-header.svg)](https://charmed-kubeflow.io)

> <br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Charmed Kubeflow is free to use: the solution can be deployed in any environment without constraints, paywall or restricted features. Data labs and MLOps teams only need to train their data scientists and engineers once to work consistently and efficiently on any cloud – or on-premise.

Charmed Kubeflow offers a centralised, browser-based MLOps platform that runs on any conformant Kubernetes – offering enhanced productivity, improved governance and reducing the risks associated with shadow IT.

Learn more about deploying and using Charmed Kubeflow at [https://charmed-kubeflow.io](https://charmed-kubeflow.io).

> <br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

### Key features
* Centralised, browser-based data science workspaces: **familiar experience**
* Multi user: **one environment for your whole data science team**
* NVIDIA GPU support: **accelerate deep learning model training**
* Apache Spark integration: **empower big data driven model training**
* Ideation to production: **automate model training & deployment**
* AutoML: **hyperparameter tuning, architecture search**
* Composable: **edge deployment configurations available**

> <br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

### What’s included in Charmed Kubeflow 1.4
* LDAP Authentication
* Jupyter Notebooks
* Work with Python and R

> * TensorFlow, Pytorch, MXNet, XGBoost

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Support for TensorFlow, Pytorch, MXNet, XGBoost
```

* TFServing, Seldon-Core
* Katib (autoML)
* Apache Spark
* Argo Workflows
* Kubeflow Pipelines

> <br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

### Why engineers and data scientists choose Charmed Kubeflow
* Maintenance: Charmed Kubeflow offers up to two years of maintenance on select releases
* Optional 24/7 support available, [contact us here](https://charmed-kubeflow.io/contact-us) for more information
* Optional dedicated fully managed service available, [contact us here](https://charmed-kubeflow.io/contact-us) for more information or [learn more about Canonical’s Managed Apps service](https://ubuntu.com/managed/apps).
* Portability: Charmed Kubeflow can be deployed on any conformant Kubernetes, on any cloud or on-premise

> <br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

### Documentation
Please see the [official docs site](https://charmed-kubeflow.io/docs) for complete documentation of the Charmed Kubeflow distribution.

### Bugs and feature requests
If you find a bug in our operator or want to request a specific feature, please file a bug here: 
[https://github.com/canonical/seldon-core-operator/issues](https://github.com/canonical/seldon-core-operator/issues)

> <br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

### License
Charmed Kubeflow is free software, distributed under the [Apache Software License, version 2.0](https://github.com/canonical/seldon-core-operator/blob/master/LICENSE).

> <br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

### Contributing
Canonical welcomes contributions to Charmed Kubeflow. Please check out our [contributor agreement](https://ubuntu.com/legal/contributors) if you're interested in contributing to the distribution.

> <br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

### Security

> Security issues in Charmed Kubeflow can be reported by sending an email to [security@canonical.com](mailto:security@canonical.com). Please do not file GitHub issues about security issues.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Security issues in Charmed Kubeflow can be reported through [LaunchPad](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DebuggingSecurity#How%20to%20File). Please do not file GitHub issues about security issues.
```
